Within this <form> will be child elements such as <input> and <label>:
The <label> text not only offers a visual directive of what to enter but also programmatically links to the associated <input>
When a user with a visual impairment uses a screen reader, the label will be read out loud when they focus on the input field

TYPES: open-ended (a text field that lets the user enter freeform text) and closed-ended (a radio button or checkbox for the user to select or check).

The "for" attribute in the <label> element programmatically links to the id attribute in the <input> element.
The "type" attribute relates to the type of input element we're using open-ended or closed-ended.
The "placeholder" attribute offers a hint or label within the text field, but will not be submitted if this field if left blank.
The "name" attribute identifies the element so the response can be referenced after the form is submitted.
--------
A value of static is the default value and maintains the order of the natural flow of the elements on the page.
positioning isn't affected by the top, bottom, left, and right properties.

A value of relative positioning uses the top and bottom properties to vertically offset 
and the left and right properties to horizontally offset the element from the static position.

A value of absolute positioning removes the element from the natural flow of the page elements 
and uses the top, bottom, left, and right properties to offset relative to the element's parent, or containing, element's margins.

 value of fixed positioning removes the element from the natural flow of the page elements and positions it relative to the viewport or 
browser window so that it isn't affected by scrolling. The fixed position value uses the top, bottom, left and right properties to offset 
the element from the viewport's margins.

-------
<span> It is an inline element meant for highlighting sections of larger text blocks, where the highlighting is something we define ourselves with CSS